(Episode 12)
What happened? Where did they go?
Where did they go?
- Did you see it? - Yes.
I also saw it.
We need to go back.
We need...
Are you crazy?
If you want to die, do it alone.
What should we do with this girl?
Leave her like that.
She will die if we leave her like that.
Let us go. Hurry.
Are you okay?
What happened?
He ran into the road. I think he was committing suicide.
Sir.
Are you feeling all right?
Sir, please calm down.
- Give me your knife. - Calm down.
Give me your knife.
What are you doing? Get him!
Give me your knife. Let me go.
Let me go. Please let me go.
- I need to go back. - Calm down.
Stop.
Who are you?
A doctor is waiting for her. I need to take her.
I am the doctor. I will treat her.
Were you the man on the phone?
Yes.
He woke up right after he was brought here,
but he made a big fuss saying he needed to die. We sedated him.
Was he alone when you found him?
Was he with someone? Was there a woman with him?
No, I heard he was alone.
By the way, his guardian is going to come here.
His guardian?
Yes, I answered a call from his phone,
and it was from someone called "Director".
My grandfather.
I'll leave you to it.
Hey, hey.
Where is Yeon Kyung? Where is she? Why are you here by yourself?
- She is in danger. - What?
What do you mean?
Why is she in danger?
Can you... Can you untie me?
I need to go back.
Where is she? I'll go there. I'll go.
Please, please let me go.
She is in danger.
Please.
I need to go back.
Tell me everything when you come back.
You need to bring her back.
Where are my needles?
Please.
Please take me back there.
What...
What is this? Where is he?
Yeon Kyung.
Did anyone see Yeon Kyung?
Did no one see her?
Excuse me! Yeon Kyung!
I need to call the police station. This cannot be happening.
Who are you?
Where am I?
I saw you before.
It's you.
What's your name?
- I am Yeon Yi. - Yeon Yi.
It's a pretty name.
Yeon Kyung! Yeon Kyung!
Where are you, Yeon Kyung?
- Who are you? - You need to follow me.
How are you feeling?
- Yes. - Fortunately, we stopped...
the bleeding and you did not lose too much blood.
This is Angelica sinensis. It will help with Qi and extravasated blood.
It was you.
20 year ago,
you came to my world...
like he did.
You came to me.
Do you remember me?
20 years ago,
I was so full of myself after becoming a doctor...
that I failed to save a girl that I could have saved.
I blamed myself saying I did not deserve to be a doctor,
and I tried to slit my wrist.
At that moment, I was transferred to a strange world.
Even before I could find out where I was,
I heard a devastating cry of a child.
Dad.
Dad. Dad.
I could see at that moment...
how her long life would be scarred by that incident.
Child, it is all right.
The child's eyes seemed to be asking for help.
They were just like the eyes that the girl I could not save had.
Even when you were young,
you were blaming yourself for letting your father die.
I really had to save you.
However, I only treated half of you.
You woke up, but you didn't remember what happened.
They call this Sadangwon in Joseon.
I am giving you this so that you will not cry, Yeon Kyung.
You erased your memory on your own,
but I thought it was better for you.
Someday you would be old enough to be able to deal with that memory.
You could meet someone who can help you heal that wound.
Then that memory would come back to you.
I could not finish treating you,
but that person could finish it, I thought.
By saving your life at that time,
I could find my way to be a doctor.
Have you met that someone yet?
Yes,
I have...
met him.
Where is she? In which room?
She is in there.
Yeon Kyung, Yeon Kyung!
Are you okay?
Are you sure you are okay?
I am sorry. I am truly sorry.
Thank you so much for staying alive.
Are you really okay?
It must have hurt a lot.
I will not...
I will not leave you alone. Not again.
I will never do that.
I am truly sorry.
I really appreciate that you are alive.
I heard that you are following the king.
I hope...
I can see you again.
We should get going.
Please take care of Mak Gae.
After Dr. Heo leaves here this time,
when is he coming back again?
Is he ever going to come back?
Thank you for soothing Yeon Kyung's heart.
I appreciate that you treated Yeon Kyung, but...
It did not end my old grudge against you, Master Heo.
Yes. We still have matters to resolve between us.
That is all in the past.
I will not take the memory of this world with me when I leave.
If that is the only burden for the path you are going now...
Yes.
To erase the memory could be a solution...
if only you are able to do that.
If you think I will come back according to my own will,
you should stop thinking that way.
As it has been all along, everything is up to your choice.
I am just fulfilling my duty which is given to me.
I will wait for him.
I will be waiting for him.
Why did you not tell him about Yeon Yi?
He would have been glad to find out that she is alive.
He would have been glad.
However, now is not the time.
Now, she is holding out due to the medicine you are giving,
but what if something happens to Yeon Yi...
It is not because of the medicine I am giving her.
Yeon Yi is also waiting.
Her waiting heart is...
helping her holding out like that.
(Shinhae Hospital)
(Emergency Medical Center)
An emergency patient is here!
Please help! Anyone here?
We could go to another hospital. Why did you have to come here?
That is not important now.
Excuse me! An emergency patient is here.
Please help...Please help now!
Help...
Here...
An emergency patient is here. Please give help now.
There is no time to lose!
She has been struck by a sword. Please look at her.
Wait a minute, please!
Yes, okay.
There is no time to lose! Hurry...
Who are you?
I am her guardian.
Are you Dr. Choi's boyfriend, by any chance?
No! I'm not...
yet.
What... What is this?
It looks like someone put...
liquidambar formosana and old pine tree bark powder on her back.
Those are effective...
in stopping bleeding, disinfection, and healing the wound.
He did a good job.
Can you please sew it up a bit more gently?
Please do it gently so that it would not hurt her.
I did give her an anesthetic.
I see.
Still, it might hurt. More gently, please!
You know...
Go ahead.
Can you please stay out for a while?
That's what I'm saying.
Can you stay outside?
How can a guardian stay outside?
I will keep quiet.
Please do it gently so that it will not hurt her. Goodness.
What is going on there?
It is really odd.
What's that couple outfit?
Have they been shooting a historical drama somewhere?
Where did she get that scar from a sword?
Don't we have to report to the police?
I think it'll be better if we stop caring.
- I agree. - She's right.
It was exactly this pulse.
It seems that this pulse led me to you.
I knew it the moment I felt your pulse.
You are the woman...
who has the same pulse like mine.
Just like I have a shadow of my mother,
you must have a scar from your father's death.
That's how it began.
We have a similar wound.
We, who have a similar wound, grew up...
that you became a doctor as you are now,
and I became a doctor as I am now.
No.
We're just doctors.
We treat and save people.
We are on the same path. That's what we are, doctors.
Master Choi.
You punk!
If you told me not to worry, you should not make me worry!
What's this? Tell me what's going on!
Please calm down.
How can you let this happen to my precious granddaughter?
How can you do this?
I am sorry. I do not know what to say.
My goodness!
Then I will let you two talk.
Are you okay?
Are you sure you're okay?
Grandpa.
You knew it all, didn't you?
- What? - Who he is...
and where he came from.
What is that?
Mr. Heo Jun gave this to me.
What? Heo Jun?
Grandpa.
I'm sorry...
that I was too harsh on you...
that day.
Why did you not tell me?
Would things have changed if I had told you?
Come to think of it, it was strange indeed.
You took me in when everyone else thought I was crazy.
You also let me apply acupuncture when I did not have any certificate.
You were dying to apply acupuncture, so I couldn't help it.
How did you...
find it out at first?
That needle container.
There was another person...
who came to me carrying that container 20 years ago.
20 years ago...
Master Heo Jun...
came here with that container too?
Otherwise, he wouldn't have been able to travel time.
Master, what on earth is this container?
What is this...
- that it came to me? - Why do you ask me?
It's something that you need to figure out yourself.
There are things...
that can't be explained through human's knowledge in this world.
Unreasonable incidents do happen.
You come to realize it as you watch it for a long time.
When something crazy happens out of nowhere,
it's not a coincidence.
There's an inevitable reason...
behind the incident.
It looks like you've reached about half of your way.
You know what your homework is.
Gosh, deal with it yourself.
Don't ever take my granddaughter with you again.
Go by yourself if you have to.
Chun Sool,
how have you been? This is Heo Jun.
I was given such a huge present.
I was glad to see Yeon Kyung as if I was seeing you.
Do you remember what I told you right before I left you?
So you do not need to worry anymore.
She is a strong child, so I am sure she will overcome it.
That's why they happened to meet each other.
It's thankful and fortunate to know.
I hope...
Yeon Kyung puts up with it well when the time comes.
Why were you sleeping in my bed?
You told me to come up last night.
When did I?
Nurse Jung, I didn't.
You asked me to hug you because you were cold.
Nurse Jung.
Here. Have it.
- I'm okay. - Eat it.
I am not sure if it is okay to eat a patient's meal.
Goodness.
Goodness, it hurts.
Your back hurts?
- Nurse! - I mean...
- What's wrong? - Her back...
I'm okay.
- Are you sure? - Yes.
- It hurts again. - Goodness.
- Nurse! She says it hurts again. - What's wrong?
- Please check her back. - Goodness.
- Look. - What?
Don't stick to me like gum, and go do your work.
What is gum? I know what gun is,
but I haven't heard of gum before.
Don't you need to go to work?
You wanted me to quit work before.
And you got injured because of me. I will be with you until you recover.
I cannot stitch up your wound, but I plan to do everything else.
So do not tell me to go away.
Then...
go wash yourself.
Get changed too.
Get some sleep too.
Can I stick to you like gum again...
once I am done with everything you told me to do?
Then I will go wash myself, get changed, and get some sleep.
Wait here.
Gosh, my clothes.
I will be right back.
I will get changed and wash myself.
Were you able to release your anger...
when you piled up the fortunes that you could not even use?
Is it good to work here?
Yes, it is.
Doctors should never forget...
the reason why they wanted to become a doctor in the first place.
They must remember their first intention until the end.
I'm going to remember...
what you really are in my heart.
(Director Ma)
(Yoo Jae Ha)
What about Yeon Kyung? Where is she?
She is at the hospital now.
But she is a bit hurt.
Thank you for what you did yesterday.
I didn't do it for your sake.
Are you okay?
How hurt are you?
Let me take a look.
Jae Ha, I'm okay.
You must have been very worried.
I'm...
really okay.
You disappeared and came back hurt.
Are you okay?
Oh, that?
It's nothing.
I was pricked by a sharp tree branch.
I just had a few stitches.
But...
I'm really okay.
Jae Ha.
Sit down here.
It's about the incident you saw that day.
That's okay.
Please don't say anything.
I heard you helped him yesterday.
Thank you.
I don't know...
why you feel so distant suddenly.
What are you talking about?
You're the closest thing to a younger brother to me.
Younger brother?
Okay, I understand.
- Jae Ha. - What should I do now?
About him...
and about you.
You're back from Joseon.
Why?
Do you still have lingering attachment to that place?
Have you also met...
Master Heo?
Mr. Choi from Haeminseo Oriental Medicine Clinic,
you, and Master Heo.
What happened between the three of you?
Why would you want to rake over the past?
It has nothing to do with you.
You should just focus on...
what you want to acquire from me.
We have a business relationship.
I did everything for you.
From eating, living,
and everything.
I even prepared for your future.
Did you already forget that?
Of course not.
How could I forget your kindness?
That's right.
That's why I like you.
Let's talk for a minute.
Okay.
This is ridiculous.
How could someone like him become the royal physician of Joseon?
What do you want to say?
Aren't you ashamed of yourself right now?
Why should I be ashamed in front of you?
When will you quit here?
You're using someone else's name to be here.
I know that you already found a way to kick me out.
What will you do with Yeon Kyung?
You'll go back anyway.
If it's because of that,
you don't have to worry.
That won't happen.
Aren't you going to tell what really happened?
Who did this? Who bore a knife wound to you?
Please don't be angry, it's not good for your liver.
How can I not be angry?
She has a scar now. What are you going to do about that?
I'm really okay.
Tell me who did it.
I'm going to break them to pieces.
Excuse me.
This is a ward.
Don't you know that you should be quiet in a hospital?
What?
Especially, Dr. Choi doesn't like it when people make a fuss...
at a ward.
I kind of don't like it.
I know. I'm also a nurse.
- Don't I? - Of course.
If you're going to continue making a fuss like this,
please leave.
Yes, grandfather will wait for you. Go home now.
Yes, Ms. Nurse.
Let's go. Mr. Choi will wait for us.
Text me the name of who did this to you.
Yeon Kyung, are you okay? You look so thin.
Are you eating well? Does the hospital meals suit your taste?
- You're very considerate. - Yes, I am.
We'll come back.
Goodbye.
I guess your friend became your boyfriend.
- What? - It's worth the wait...
and trusting you.
So...
do you know now?
Know what?
The true side of that person.
Yes.
I know now.
I know everything now.
Why were you staring so hard?
Me? I didn't do that.
You almost pierced her with your gaze.
No.
Mr. Choi keeps saying...
that his heart feels stiff.
Shouldn't we tell Yeon Kyung about that?
What if Mr. Choi founds out?
What will happen then?
He's hurting too frequently.
Are you two here?
Who is he?
He's Bong Tak.
It is me.
You must have come to see Yeon Kyung.
Why did you not spend some more time with her?
You're right.
Is my mother doing okay?
Yes, she's a lot better.
That is good.
I wonder if Bong Sik is doing okay.
He must miss his brother a lot.
You're right.
You two must be busy.
- I will see you next time. - Yes.
- Be careful on your way. - Yes.
- Oh, my. - Okay.
- Let us stop. - Okay.
What was that?
You said he changed, that he was a complete brat.
That's strange, he was a complete brat.
You must be wrong.
Did you see his shoes? Look at his shoes.
That is amazing.
Did I see wrong?
Mr. Choi keeps saying...
that his heart feels stiff.
His heart...
My mind must have forgotten about it,
but my hands remembered...
the moment my dad's heart stopped.
Here.
I wanted to become someone who made your heart beat.
You saved countless lives with these hands.
It must be a gift from your father.
It might be an assignment.
This acupuncture point is called "Nokeum".
When you press here when your heart is tired and exhausted,
your mind will become clear and lively.
Do you know that?
Our acupuncture points contain the principle of the universe.
"Gok" from "Hapgok" means valley.
"Gye" from "Yanggye" means stream.
"Gokji" means pond.
"Byunjung" means well.
"Pungji" means...
wind.
Our face also has acupuncture points.
Chanjoo.
Sajookgom.
Sangap.
Gwanryo.
Jichang.
Seungjang.
[VIU Ver] Episode 12 Live Up To Your Name, Dr. Heo/Deserving of the Name
"I Must Go Back"
-= Ruo Xi =-
(Shinhae Hospital)
Yeon Kyung.
You haven't recovered fully yet. You shouldn't be working like this.
I know it's hard for you to take care of my patients too.
I feel so bad whenever I see your dark circles under your eyes.
It's not like you don't want to owe me, is it?
Of course not.
Yeon Kyung, are you sure you're okay?
Your wound seemed like it needed quite some time to heal.
What if it worsens?
I'm okay.
I got treatment from Dr. Heo Jun.
The Heo Jun who wrote...
"Principles and Practice of Eastern Medicine".
You can't trust me, can you?
It's not like I can't trust you.
Our ancestors' medical practices are incredible.
Shouldn't we do a MRI scan on her head?
The power of love is even more incredible.
- What? - Let's just go.
I was surprised to see the ambulance and hospital when I first came here.
I was impressed that people in this world...
can get treatment whenever they feel sick.
Those patients outside will never be able to see a doctor's face.
I applied acupuncture and moxa to unclog their blocked vessels.
It is suffocating,
but that is the only thing I can do for them now.
He's feeling pain in his chest all of a sudden.
- Does your chest hurt? - Goodness.
I can't breathe.
Is the pain like stabbing or tightening?
I'll apply acupuncture...
- from this point. - Okay.
Please lie down first.
- Okay. - Be careful.
- Sir. - Goodness.
It's the other way around.
I know you always disagree with me.
I told you it is not the spot.
I told you several times that you need to apply acupuncture...
on the other side of the painful spot.
You are not a fool. I will do it myself if you excuse me.
- Please face upwards. - Okay.
Seungjang.
Here.
Dr. Heo?
Yes?
It is such a nice acupuncture spot.
I get distracted whenever I see that acupuncture spot.
I shouldn't feel this way when I'm treating male patients.
How is it?
It doesn't hurt anymore.
Awesome.
What?
Make sure you do not forget about this next time.
Do not make me repeat myself again.
Fools.
Goodness.
So what?
Doctors may have different ways of treating their patients.
Am I wrong?
You should as well jump on his band wagon.
You need to look far ahead into the future.
Otherwise, you will stay in your well forever.
- Sir? - Yes.
We are done with your oriental treatment.
Yes, thank you.
Okay.
And then I...
There's the doctor.
Goodbye.
It can't be.
Are you a cardiothoracic doctor?
That's right.
- Was it a car accident? - Yes.
We told you about him beforehand. He is a patient with aortic dissection.
Let's go.
Give it to me.
Can I take a look at the record?
He was driving when it happened. He hit his chest on the wheel.
We did a CT scan on him and found that his ascending aorta ruptured.
Is he the patient with aortic dissection?
Yes, did you receive any words from the professor?
He said to take him in first.
- Is that the result of his CT scan? - Yes.
- Who will operate on him? - I'm not sure yet.
Operation is one problem,
but he won't be able to recover even if it's done successfully.
Right, he's unconscious at the moment too.
He has multiple injuries,
so I think we need to operate on him with doctors in other departments.
Still, you specialize in operations regarding aortic dissection.
Well, that's...
I'm scheduled with another operation soon.
- What do you think, Dr. Hwang? - Pardon?
I need to head to a conference with the director soon.
This is the third hospital.
He has nowhere else to go.
Can't you do something?
The patient's condition is serious.
He's unconscious and aged too.
The probability of success is low.
He might not able to recover even if...
Mom.
Doctor.
Please save my dad.
He worked so hard for 30 years so that he could raise us.
Next month,
he was going to go on his first trip with Mom.
He had been saving the money for 10 years.
He cannot die like that.
He deserves a happy life.
Please let him have a surgery. Please, doctor.
According to the director, he said...
Professor.
- What is it? - Hello.
The patient in the emergency room with aortic dissection...
might die soon...
if we do not operate on him.
His family wants his operation too.
Please think it over again.
Gosh, Yeon Kyung.
Weren't you listening?
There was no bleeding according to the brain CT.
It's not impossible that he might regain consciousness again.
I do realize that the operation will not be easy.
What are you doing?
You're not in your first year as intern.
There are too many surgeries as it is.
In that case,
I will operate on him.
What?
I know it's not because you cannot do this.
You simply don't have the time.
So I will do it instead.
Please allow me to.
Hey, Choi Yeon Kyung.
You are so confident now that professors have complimented you...
on what little talent you have, aren't you?
It's not like that.
It's just that...
I want to do my best as a doctor.
It's not an easy operation that takes 1 or 2 hours.
Your wounds on your back haven't been healed yet.
You can't perform a surgery that takes about 5 to 6 hours.
I think you need to experience DOT again to think straight.
Sir.
What?
Why not?
- What? - We have everything...
from doctors, medical equipment,
and medicines.
Why can't we operate on him?
I'll get his family's consent...
and start the operation.
- What? - Wait.
Hey, Choi Yeon Kyung! Hey!
Professor Lee was so angry,
and he made a big fuss about it with Professor Hwang.
He was blaming him for not teaching you properly as an academic adviser.
Gosh, you're driving me crazy.
Are you sure you can do this?
The surgery or the professors?
If you're talking about the surgery,
I'll do my best.
If you're talking about professors, I'll just accept the consequences.
Dr. Choi, are you all right?
I heard you were hurt.
I'm fine.
- Kim Min Jae. - Yes?
Are you ready?
Yes, I'm ready, but I...
- Kim Min Jae. - Yes?
Is this your first time performing aorta replacement?
Yes. I only heard that it's difficult.
I'm doing this for the first time.
I'm nervous too.
Let's do this.
Yes.
I'm a Cardiothoracic fellow, Choi Yeon Kyung.
I'm going to perform aorta replacement.
Scalpel.
He is called Chairman Min.
He owns the best company in the distribution industry.
What's his problem?
He's not sick.
He heard you were famous,
and he wanted you to feel his pulse for diagnosis.
He's paying a lot...
for you to feel his pulse.
These are all spoiled.
He wants everything...
when he can't even eat them all. Of course they get spoiled.
Gosh, more goes into the trash than into his mouth.
Gosh, this is such a waste.
What should we do?
Do you have a lot of ginseng in your world?
Ginseng?
Yes.
Why?
The soldiers are dehydrated, and they have lost a lot of blood.
If we have some ginseng,
we'd be able to help them regain their strength and blood.
Hello.
I'm sorry I was late after I invited you.
We just arrived.
By the way, you look so much younger compared to last year.
- Really? - Yes.
Do you want to know the secret?
The secret?
Follow me.
This isn't just a snake.
This is a snake that ate a toad.
Gosh.
This is the best thing for men's stamina.
Of course, Chairman Min. I'd expect no less from you.
Stamina is like power for men.
Of course.
Here. Please be careful with this.
You can't even buy this with few years of your salary.
And bring us the tea I ordered.
- Here. - Thank you.
This is a tea that was made out of a seal's penis...
after it was dried and boiled.
You bought it?
- This is really rare. - The Chief of...
Ministry of Strategy and Finance bought it on his business trip.
That is why...
I pulled some strings for him.
Yes.
You seem to know more...
than I do about health, and I am an oriental doctor.
So I brought him...
so that he can learn from you.
I'm Heo Bong Tak.
I've heard a lot about you.
You're younger than I thought you'd be.
You should feel my pulse.
I know what you'll say.
Most oriental doctors tell me that I'll live until I'm 100 years old.
People still think...
- that I am in my 40s. - Be quiet.
You are interrupting me while I feel your pulse.
Oh, my.
How can this be?
What is it?
Wait for a moment.
Excuse me.
Wait.
You must be crazy.
What are you doing? Do you know how much that costs?
Dr. Heo, what are you doing?
(Operation time, 5 hours and 12 minutes)
Min Jae, grab it properly. Let go of one hand.
Yes, I'm sorry.
If you do a good job, the time on a heart-lung machine will decrease.
That will increase the possibility of the patient to live.
- Be alert. - Yes.
No matter how good medicine is,
it will be poison to you if it doesn't fit you.
Before a snake eats it, toads are full of poison.
It is most poisonous to people with high blood pressure like you.
Poison?
Also,
the penis of a seal...
adds energy to your male parts.
If someone that originally has a lot of heat like you eats it,
it will be like adding oil to fire.
Here.
Everyone should have a drink.
What is he doing?
It is poison to you,
but it is good medicine to these ladies who lack energy.
What are you doing? Have a drink.
Oh, my. Do you know how expensive those were?
Dr. Heo, what are you doing?
Also, expensive medicine like deer antlers and ginseng...
are useless poison to an energetic man like you.
Take as much as you want before he throws them all away.
Hurry up, it might rot.
Is he crazy?
Leave. Get out of my house.
Oh, my.
- Oh, my. - Please come here.
- Can I check your pulse? - What?
Yes.
How long has your throat been hoarse?
It's been a few months.
You're coughing slightly...
right now and a moment ago.
Your lungs aren't moist and dry.
That's why you sound hoarse.
I thought it was a cold.
I just took medicine for that.
Can I apply acupuncture on you?
(Man from Joseon)
Yeon Kyung.
Yes, Jae Ha.
Are you here to see Bong Tak?
I had something to say.
- He must have gone home. - He wasn't here for the afternoon.
Really?
- Yeon Kyung. - Yes?
You said you were getting to know him.
Do you know everything about him?
Yes.
I do.
No,
you don't.
- What? - You don't know who he is...
and what kind of figure he is.
What do you mean?
He will go back one day.
No, he has to go back.
The receiver cannot pick up your call.
Gosh.
Where is he? He's not picking up his phone.
(Letter of resignation)
He will go back one day.
No, he has to go back.
Hello, there.
Gosh. Hello, there.
Is he out of his mind?
Mr. Choi, I am here.
You two should talk.
He didn't pay for the taxi.
It didn't cost a lot since we were here last time.
Will you pay by card?
Home sweet home.
How were you? I am here.
Yeon Kyung.
I am here. I am back.
You need to pay for your taxi.
(Live Up To Your Name, Dr. Heo/Deserving of the Name)
Did you meet that person?
Yes, I met that person.
This was that pulse.
I think this pulse led me to you.
What will you do with Yeon Kyung?
You'll go back anyway.
If it is because of that, you do not have to worry.
That will not happen.
I will never leave you alone again.
That will never happen.